feat(inbound-filters): Implement generic inbound filters (#2595)
getsentry/sentry-relay: CHANGELOG.md

- Add a setting to rollout ingesting all resource spans. ([#2586](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/2586))
- Drop events starting or ending before January 1, 1970 UTC. ([#2613](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/2613))
- Add support for X-Sentry-Forwarded-For header. ([#2572](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/2572))

> - Add new generic inbound filters. ([#2595](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/2595))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add a generic way of configuring inbound filters via project configs. ([#2595](https://github.com/getsentry/relay/pull/2595))
```
